
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 68718448 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 68718448
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127078024 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127078024
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127079704 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127079704
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127081384 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127081384
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127083064 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127083064
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127083904 imagename temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127083904
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127084744 imagename temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127084744
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127085584 imagename temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127085584
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127087264 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127087264
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127088104 imagename temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127088104
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127089784 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127089784
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127090624 imagename temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127090624
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXD.009.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 127092304 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 127092304
 gonna save the file temp TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna delete the image temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 128521640 imagename temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 128521640
gonna run the file temp\TL.L.EXE.010.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 128523320 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 128523320
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 40947992 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 40947992
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41224712 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41224712
 gonna save the file temp tag.png
gonna delete the image temp\tag.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41225552 imagename temp\tag.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41225552
gonna run the file temp\tag.png
 gonna save the file temp tag.png
gonna delete the image temp\tag.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41226392 imagename temp\tag.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41226392
gonna run the file temp\tag.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41228072 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41228072
 gonna save the file temp tag.png
gonna delete the image temp\tag.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41228912 imagename temp\tag.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41228912
gonna run the file temp\tag.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41230592 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41230592
 gonna save the file temp tag.png
gonna delete the image temp\tag.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 41231432 imagename temp\tag.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 41231432
gonna run the file temp\tag.png
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115004400 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115004400
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115006080 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115006080
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115007760 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115007760
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115009440 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115009440
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115011120 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115011120
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115012800 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115012800
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114458752 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114458752
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114460432 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114460432
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114462112 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114462112
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114463792 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114463792
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115790136 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115790136
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114512000 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114512000
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114513680 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114513680
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114515360 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114515360
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114516200 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114516200
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 114517040 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 114517040
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231441552 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231441552
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231444912 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231444912
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231448272 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231448272
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231825064 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231825064
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231829264 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231829264
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 231830944 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 231830944
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232156320 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232156320
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232158000 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232158000
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232159680 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232159680
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232161360 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232161360
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232162200 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232162200
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232497040 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232497040
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232498720 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232498720
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232500400 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232500400
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232502920 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232502920
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232834768 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232834768
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232838128 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232838128
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 232841488 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 232841488
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233176480 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233176480
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233178160 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233178160
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233180680 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233180680
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233182360 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233182360
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233183200 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233183200
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233560864 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233560864
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233561704 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233561704
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233563384 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233563384
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233565064 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233565064
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233819928 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233819928
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233820768 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233820768
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233822448 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233822448
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233825808 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233825808
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 233826648 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 233826648
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234235248 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234235248
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234237768 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234237768
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234239448 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234239448
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234241128 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234241128
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115292152 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115292152
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 115293832 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 115293832
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234671584 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234671584
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234673264 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234673264
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234674104 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234674104
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234675784 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234675784
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234677464 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234677464
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234998672 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234998672
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 234999512 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 234999512
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 235001192 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 235001192
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 235002872 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 235002872
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 235003712 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 235003712
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454193768 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454193768
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454197128 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454197128
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454201328 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454201328
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454204688 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454204688
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454205528 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454205528
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454206368 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454206368
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454208048 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454208048
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454854776 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454854776
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454856456 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454856456
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454858136 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454858136
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454858976 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454858976
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454860656 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454860656
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454862336 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454862336
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454864016 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454864016
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454865696 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454865696
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 454869056 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 454869056
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455606176 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455606176
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455607856 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455607856
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455609536 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455609536
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455610376 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455610376
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455612056 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455612056
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455613736 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455613736
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455618776 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455618776
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 455620456 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 455620456
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456334504 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456334504
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456339544 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456339544
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456343744 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456343744
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456347104 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456347104
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456347944 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456347944
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 456348784 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 456348784
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457020784 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457020784
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457022464 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457022464
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457024144 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457024144
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457025824 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457025824
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457027504 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457027504
gonna delete the image img\formation.png
gonna save the image pBitmap 457029184 imagename img\formation.png
 gonna dispose the bitmap 457029184
